ICPC report
Everyone cooperates with the investigation
Lin Fan, what's going on?
Sit down and wait for the show
Humph
Just received a report.
Some people say that someone here is greedy for forgetting the law
Please come back with us to cooperate with the investigation.
Come on, Assel.
We are all good law-abiding citizens
What are you doing?
The whistleblower said that Deputy Governor Li Gang was corrupt
malicious manipulation
The evidence is solid
Please come back with us to cooperate with the investigation.
You were just talking about my godfather
Oh no Li Gang Lord Li
I'm warning you!
Rice can be eaten indiscriminately
Don't talk nonsense
You need to know whose territory this is
You can keep quiet.
But you have to remember that from now on
Every word you say
Will be used as evidence in court
Godfather, take care of these people
Is this a rebellion?
Lord Li's evidence is conclusive
I can't come with us, can I?
Jiangdonglian tea flavor
So majestic
Dare to find out about me
Lord Li's evidence is conclusive
Please cooperate.
The evidence is solid
What the hell do you have?
Lord Li
This auction will have 360-degree monitoring without dead ends.
Don't be stubborn